hi YouTube um this is going to be a
tutorial on how to make a throw up it's
not the throw it's a graffiti girl
take blank piece of paper
and today i'm gonna be using the dream
office pinto outline Malcolm sharpie and
auto money ok this then you take a
market with a name like that a tip like
that so it's all a bullet to you did at
one of what you're going to write so my
initials a seat I'll be honest in
addition see don't
still like new york style okay
Oh
oh it's cursed
let's go what up anything with a real
basically just
I think they only start a new balance
book so about
okay that's where you need to be so
what
they want to grab it mrs. a fled fled
mid others did that myself for the north
um if you want me to it I'll make a
video look just totally you just
coloring
okay so oh those two ways you can do
that England with a flat Marco but all
you can do it with you shop okay look
that way is just like flat black but you
can do it like this so you get belongs
some people like that um I'm just going
to do a bit about so this is going to be
flat black dahlias going to be okay
let's take a marker of your choice this
is a green nissan quinto outline Michael
if you watch my videos you've seen it a
few times funny ok so now you just wanna
go over your letters
ok the first page oh you need stuff like
this
work bubbles and
the truth
unfortunately I have no gloss paper and
you cannot make actual words without
wallpaper so yeah so I'm just making
fake to it but even festival there okay
looking good until they affected
and
you
you know what I want to use this will go
with the trouble if you don't do it both
of them strictly on it just puts me off
some reason lucky with this marker I'll
just show you a little demo if you like
accidentally go into you while you call
me absolutely bump into the this is
great morphine I can't get over it so
don't don't get to be okay um you just
go over you go over the black in a
little you never met me mistake if it
gets a bit smudgy which I
basically that's it do a little present
I'm not the best to do actually I'm
should actually for these people it's
not luck on this design one for the
cancer yeah this has been a tutorial on
how to do a throb throw up okay now i'm
just going to do a tagging street
okay enjoy don't mind don't worry about
this that's just under under how that
ends okay p so keep graphic a cute boy